[QA] Add unit tests and docs for `DatePicker` (#319)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/filters.md

This guide shows you how to add filters to your dashboard. One main way to interact with the charts/components on your page is by filtering the underlying data. A filter selects a subset of rows of a component's underlying DataFrame which alters the appearance of that component on the page.

The [`Page`][vizro.models.Page] model accepts the `controls` argument, where you can enter a [`Filter`][vizro.models.Filter] model.

> This model allows the automatic creation of [selectors](../user-guides/selectors.md) (e.g. Dropdown, RadioItems, Slider, ...) that let a dashboard user filter with the charts/components on the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This model allows the automatic creation of [selectors](../user-guides/selectors.md) (e.g. Dropdown, RadioItems, Slider, ...) that operate on the charts/components on the screen.
```

- configure the `column` argument, which denotes the target column to be filtered

By default, all components on a page with such a `column` present will be filtered. The selector type will be chosen

> automatically based on the target column, e.g. a dropdown for categorical data, a range slider for numerical data or a date picker for temporal data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically based on the target column, e.g. a dropdown for categorical data, a range slider for numerical data, or a date picker for temporal data.
```

## Changing selectors

If you want to have a different selector for your filter, you can provide the `selector` argument of the [`Filter`][vizro.models.Filter] with a different selector model.

> Currently available selectors are [`Checklist`][vizro.models.Checklist], [`Dropdown`][vizro.models.Dropdown], [`RadioItems`][vizro.models.RadioItems], [`RangeSlider`][vizro.models.RangeSlider], [`Slider`][vizro.models.Slider] and [`DatePicker`][vizro.models.DatePicker].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently available selectors are [`Checklist`][vizro.models.Checklist], [`Dropdown`][vizro.models.Dropdown], [`RadioItems`][vizro.models.RadioItems], [`RangeSlider`][vizro.models.RangeSlider], [`Slider`][vizro.models.Slider], and [`DatePicker`][vizro.models.DatePicker].
```
